c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.pdb
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll
c:\users\bimore\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.pdb
c:\Users\Bimore\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Bimore\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Bimore\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Bimore\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Bimore\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\obj\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Bimore\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\XamarinFormsFirebase\bin\Debug\XamarinFormsFirebase.dll.mdb
